one of the things that you can do could
do in those days most funnily was to
keep a straight face during skits with
the most outrageous pre-tax and uh sex
with the boys scary having sex with a
boy scout is that what you're leading up
to jail
no actually I'm thinking of the one the
one where you play a doctor who can't so
pop or doctor can't pronounce words like
cancer Knesset canker of cake er of easy
canker of the e so Vegas
I had a poly up on my coal on my Cologne
my other favorite of that was we so
always ice a level they did sketches
that sent up soap operas and we didn't
know implanted I did I was a soap opera
and we did one where I played they used
to I should say cus I'm sorry we are
broadcasting this right no no it's just
as real it's just good say anything and
it won't be on any airplanes ever right
sure we did akka sketch on which the the
character the the guy was back when the
end the subs when people would play
their own twin and the guy would show up
in the town and try to impersonate his
twin brother to take over the
corporation you know and uh my character
comes in and I'm like you know and
people come in to they're like you know
what's the wrong Stefano
I'm like there's nothing wrong with me
nothing wrong with me and literally I'll
be on Phil Hartman although they're like
he doesn't sound like Stefano at all
they're like you're not Stefano you're
his twin brother PD I'm like I'm not BT
I know
like I spoke with us really like really
mad horrible speech impediment and when
I do ask to know because that's like the
only place in the world where you could
do something that's stupid how do you
have a good time
yes but it's really stupid